#summary Installation of Telepathy-Mixer
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

Current version: 0.2.0

= Installation on Ubuntu 8.10 =

From Synaptic Package Manager, install "empathy" and "python-telepathy".

From the downloads page, download telepathy-mixer-0.2.0.tar.gz and extract it anywhere.

In a terminal, go the the directory where it was extracted, for example:
{{{
cd /home/user/telepathy-mixer-0.2.0/
}}}

The run:

{{{
./configure
make
sudo make install
}}}

Now when you run Empathy, you should be able to add an account of type MXit.

= Installation on Ubuntu 8.04 =
Note: not tested yet, but should work.

In Synaptic, add the following line to third-party sources:
 `deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/telepathy/ubuntu/ hardy main`

This will give you more recent versions of Empathy, Telepathy and python-telepathy.

Now follow the rest of the instructions as in Ubuntu 8.10.


= Other Linux Distributions =
See the following pages for installing the different components. Once you have Empathy running, all you need is telepathy-python.

 * http://mission-control.sourceforge.net/
 * http://live.gnome.org/Empathy/Install
 * http://telepathy.freedesktop.org/wiki/Telepathy%20Python

= Creating an account =

Go to http://www.mxit.co.za/wap/ and download the mobile client (jad file only).

Tested to work with these options:
 * English
 * New user
 * Choose phone -> Nokia -> 2630
 * Accept version 5.3.0
 * South Africa
 * Normal version

This will give you a jad file. Open it with any text editor. Copy the code on the line starting with "c: ". It should look something like this:

XXXXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Now run Empathy, and go to the account manager. Create a new account of type MXit. In the Client_id field, paste the code you just copied. Account is your phone number, in the format 27821234567. Password is your MXit pin.

Note that the codes cannot be reused for different accounts.

= Feedback =

This is still in development, and will probably contain many bugs. Please let me know what your experience is. Please ask any questions on the [http://groups.google.com/group/telepathy-mixer mailing list].